# Metrics

## What
- FRAX is a fractional-algorithmic stablecoin protocol, pegged to the USD. 
## Where
- FRAX v.1 launched on Ethereum main-net on 21 December 2020.
## When
- First launched as Decentral Bank in 2019, a combined fractional/algorithmic SC.
## Who
- [Sam Kazemian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_Kazemian): in the past founded Everipedia, a blockchain-based fork of Wikipedia.
- [Stephen Moore](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stephen_Moore_(writer)): former WSJ editor and senior economic advisor to Donald Trump - nominated for Fed Chair but withdrew.
## How
- [Price Stability](https://docs.frax.finance/price-stability) As of February 2021, the system uses a [PID Controller](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PID_controller) to control the collateral ratio according to the change in the growth ratio.



With MyST Markdown, you can define code cells with a directive like so:

```{code-cell}
print(2 + 2)
```

When your book is built, the contents of any `{code-cell}` blocks will be
executed with your default Jupyter kernel, and their outputs will be displayed
in-line with the rest of your content.

```{seealso}
test
```

## Standard Markdown

These features are supported by all renderers as they are part of the basic set of features of Markdown. Some examples were extracted from the [official docs](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax).

```{code-cell}
print("Here is a Python cell2")
```

### Text Formating

In a Markdown text one can use **bold**, *italics* or ***both***. It is also posible to combine it with `monospace`.

### Quotes

>It is also possible to quote

### Lists

To keep everything organize, one usually use lists either ordered

1. Step 1
1. Step 2
1. Step 3


Or without any order

- Requirement 1
- Requirement 2
- Requirement 3

### Horizontal Rule

Useful to separate sections

---

From other non-related topic

### Links

You know that there many search engines online? 

There are [some](https://duckduckgo.com/) which focus on privacy, [others](https://www.startpage.com/) just work arround Google and [there is also one](https://www.searchencrypt.com/) that uses ecryption!



## Limited Support

These features are part of some flavours of Markdown but not all renderers can process them. It is recommended to visualize this document in the target platform to check exactly which features are supported

### Tables

Tables are really complicated in Markdown and should only be generated by [a specialized tool](http://www.tablesgenerator.com/markdown_tables). Don't modify markdown tables manually

| Syntax | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Header | Title |
| Paragraph | Text |

### Block of Code

For code blocks, Jupyter Book will add a ```Copy``` button in the top left corner to easily copy all the text in the block.

Some times one wants to share data

(data)=
```
{
  "firstName": "John",
  "lastName": "Smith",
  "age": 25
}
```

Or simply say hello

```python
print("Hello World!")
```

### Footnotes

Here's a sentence with a footnote. [^1]

[^1]: This is the footnote.


### Math

Some renderers can process inline math, $x=2$ and other can also process whole line math

$$
  \int_0^\infty \frac{x^3}{e^x-1}\,dx = \frac{\pi^4}{15}
$$


If supported, alignment can be done with array

$$
\begin{array}{llll}
a_{11}& =b_{11}& a_{12}& =b_{12}\\
a_{21}& =b_{21}& a_{22}& =b_{22}+c_{22}
\end{array}
$$

### Not supported in Jupyter Book

These are features that some renderers support but are not supported by Jupyter Book

#### Strikethrough

Some times you ~~make a mistake~~ have a great idea

However, a HTML approach can produce the desired result

Some times you <s>make a mistake</s> have a great idea

#### Check List

- [x] Write the press release
- [ ] Update the website
- [ ] Contact the media

However, a HTML approach can produce the desired result

<label><input type="checkbox"> Write the press release</input></label><br>
<label><input type="checkbox"> Update the website</input></label><br>
<label><input type="checkbox"> Contact the media</input></label><br>


## MyST Specific

These are some features that are the moment are only compatible with Jupyter Book. That means that rendering the notebook in other services (Github, NBviewer, Nteract, Data Lore, etc.) might not work as shown below. If your only target platform is Jupyter Book, you can use any of the following.


### Colored Admonitions

```{note}
Here is a Note
```

```{important} 
Here is an important
```

```{admonition} Tip
:class: tip
Here is a Tip
```

```{attention} text
Here is an attention
```

```{warning}
Here is a Warning
```

```{error}
Here is an error
```

```{admonition} admonition
Here is a custom admonition
```

### Hidden Toggles

```{toggle} Click the button to reveal!
Some hidden toggle content!
```


### Dropdowns

```{dropdown} Outside Content
Inside Content
```

(homework)=
### Dropdowns with Admonitions

```{note}
:class: dropdown
The note body will be hidden!
```


### Panels


```{panels}
Panel header 1
^^^
Panel body 1
+++
Panel footer 1
---

Panel header 2
^^^
Panel body 2
+++
Panel footer 2
```

### Tabs

```{tabbed} Tab 1 title
My first tab
```

```{tabbed} Tab 2 title
My second tab with `some code`!
```


### Sidebars

```{sidebar} My sidebar title
My sidebar content
```

Sidebars are shown in parallel to the main text, but they span inwards from the margins.


### Margin Note

```{margin} An optional title
My margin content
```

Margin notes are more discrete, useful for pointing minor details or add extra information.

They span from the margin outwards


### Labels

Would you like to write homework for your students? Check the [dropdowns](homework)!

It is always important to provide enough [data](data) to support claims!


### Equations

#### Without Label

```{math}
x^2 + y^2 = 1
```

#### With Label

```{math}
:label: algebra
x^2 + y^2 = 1
```


If the equation has a label, it can be then referenced [](algebra)
